feat(content): add publish plugin on marketplace (#173)
glpi-project/docdev: source/plugins/tutorial.rst

    Example: ``<key>oauthimap</key>``

c. In the ``<versions>`` section of your XML file, for each version of your plugin (with version number and compatibility),
   add a ``download_url`` tag containing the URL where the plugin archive can be downloaded.

Example:

  ::

      <versions>
        <version>
          <num>1.0</num>
          <compatibility>~10.0.0</compatibility>
          <download_url>https://link/to/your/plugin/file-1.0.tar.gz</download_url>
        </version>
      </versions>

1. **Public Access**:

 - Make sure the URL of the XML file and the plugin archive download URL are publicly accessible.
 - Ensure that the plugin archive is properly structured and downloadable using the URL provided in the XML file.

Technical Requirements and Recommendations
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

1. **Compliance with Coding Standards**:

 - Follow the recommendations in the GLPI Developer Documentation: `GLPI Developer Documentation <https://glpi-developer-documentation.readthedocs.io/>`_
 - Ensure your code complies with GLPI coding standards and does not trigger errors from tools like phpcs.

2. **Code Security and Quality**:

>  - Avoid raw SQL queries. Always use prepared statements (go to :doc:`Querying <../devapi/database/dbiterator>` and :doc:`Updating <..//devapi/database/dbupdate>`) — **this is mandatory starting from GLPI 11**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Avoid raw SQL queries. Always use GLPI framework methods (see :doc:`Querying <../devapi/database/dbiterator>` and :doc:`Updating <..//devapi/database/dbupdate>`) — **this is mandatory starting from GLPI 11**.
```

1. **Preparation**:

a. Once your plugin archive is extracted, the plugin must be located in a directory named after its technical name.

    Example:

    for a plugin whose ``plugin_init_`` function is ``plugin_init_oauthimap`` in ``setup.php``, the technical name of its folder must be ``oauthimap``.
    When you extract the archive (``glpi-oauthimap-1.4.3.tar.bz2``), the plugin should be directly inside a folder named ``oauthimap``.

b. Make sure your XML file contains a ``<key>`` element that exactly matches this directory name (no spaces, no accents, no uppercase letters).

    Example: ``<key>oauthimap</key>``

c. In the ``<versions>`` section of your XML file, for each version of your plugin (with version number and compatibility),
   add a ``download_url`` tag containing the URL where the plugin archive can be downloaded.

Example:

  ::

      <versions>
        <version>
          <num>1.0</num>
          <compatibility>~10.0.0</compatibility>
          <download_url>https://link/to/your/plugin/file-1.0.tar.gz</download_url>
        </version>
      </versions>

1. **Public Access**:

>  - Make sure the URL of the XML file and the plugin archive download URL are publicly accessible.

Reviewer 2: Note that they should use the raw URL, if hosting on GitHub.

Example:
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cconard96/glpi-webresources-plugin/refs/heads/master/webresources.xml

Not:
https://github.com/cconard96/glpi-webresources-plugin/blob/master/webresources.xml

1. **Preparation**:

a. Once your plugin archive is extracted, the plugin must be located in a directory named after its technical name.

    Example:

    for a plugin whose ``plugin_init_`` function is ``plugin_init_oauthimap`` in ``setup.php``, the technical name of its folder must be ``oauthimap``.
    When you extract the archive (``glpi-oauthimap-1.4.3.tar.bz2``), the plugin should be directly inside a folder named ``oauthimap``.

b. Make sure your XML file contains a ``<key>`` element that exactly matches this directory name (no spaces, no accents, no uppercase letters).

    Example: ``<key>oauthimap</key>``

c. In the ``<versions>`` section of your XML file, for each version of your plugin (with version number and compatibility),
   add a ``download_url`` tag containing the URL where the plugin archive can be downloaded.

Example:

  ::

      <versions>
        <version>
          <num>1.0</num>

>           <compatibility>~10.0.0</compatibility>

Reviewer 3: A plugin that already has its own "versions" only needs to add the "download_url" for the marketplace.

I'm not sure if this is the right section ("Publishing your plugin > Marketplace") to specify this?
